

Propose two new problems that can be solved with machine learning. Describe how you would go about solving each.

For each problem, discuss:
- What features (x) would you use?
- What would the labels (y) be?
- How would you collect data?
- Why might the problem turn out to be challenging?



Problem 1: 
One could train a machine learning algorithm to take a portion of a standardized test like the SAT Reading comprehension portion. 
The algorithm could scan a passage and then answer some questions about it. Let's say each passage has 10 questions, each with 
choices A,B,C, and D.

Features (x):
- word counts
- word weights

Labels (y):
- an answer to the question (choice A, B, C, or D)

To collect data, one could get passages and answers to the questions about that passage and feed them to the algorithm. 

There could deffinitely be a lot of problems with this. Maybe there are a lot of abstract questions that ask about things
such as theme and motifs and other things that don't show up in the passages. I could see inference type of questions being
particularly difficult. The machine would also have to somehow decompose a question and try to garner what it is asking, which
seems tricky.



Problem 2:
One could train a machine learning algorithm to write short stories in the style of some author. Or, one can be generic and have the
algorithm write a short story in any style. If the algorithm is to mimic a particular author, then it could be trained with only that
author's writing. If it is to be a generic short story generator, then it can be trained with writing from many different types of writing.
Or maybe the algorithim could mimic a certain genre of story, like science fiction, or fantasy, and be trained with stories only from those
genres.

Features (x):
- word counts
- word weights 
- sentence structure/type

Labels (y):
- a generated sentence or paragraph or the whole story in general

To collect data, one needs access to electronic versions of whatever text they want to train the model with. 

Problems with this would be mainly with the meaning of the sentences that the model generates. It would be tricky to 
make the model come up with gramatically sound sentences all the time. Further, it would be difficult to make the model
generate sentences that make any sense at all. But, it would still be fun to see what sorts of stories it could come up with.
For example, one could feed all of The Lord of the Rings and other works by Tolkien and then have it generate some story
based on those!